So anything can be a UI. It really doesn't have to be a software website, software, a website or a mobile app. Like if you think about the light switch in the room that you're in.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 31 minutes 19 seconds

That's a user interface. A remote control for the TV, that's a user interface. So of course also all the software type applications have user interfaces, but really what a user interface is, it's something that allows you.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 31 minutes 39 seconds

You to interact with a system that is engineered behind it, but it allows you to control it. So it's kind of like the middle ground between the technical system and the human, and it sits in between.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 31 minutes 55 seconds

And how well something like this is designed has implications for the user experience that involves emotions, feelings and when people don't like that interface.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 32 minutes 13 seconds

Their experience is not good. Their emotions are are frustration, irritation. I know we all know when you download an app, let's say you download an app or from the App Store for.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 32 minutes 28 seconds

Going through movies, selecting movies. If you find it on first try too difficult to filter out, to find the comedies and filter out recent movies, well, you're gonna just uninstall the app. That's what user experience is. So the interface is one thing, but.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 32 minutes 48 seconds

Experiences how we humans perceive those interfaces, and it really depends on how good the design of the interface is. So it is about the perception, the feelings.

Taneva Metzger, Svetlena 33 minutes 7 seconds

That the interface produces in us. Now what about user experience in healthcare? So we mentioned that in healthcare it's not even just about a nice experience, a pleasant feeling, but it's also about safety.